this is the jvc extreme explosives
review today I will be doing a review on
the JVC HAF X 1x in ear earphones as you
can see the design of these earphones
are fairly unique and the distinct color
choice will please most people they have
branding on the back in the form of a
double X which stands for extreme
explosives what's notable what these
earphones are the large in their
sections in sight you will find ten
millimeter drivers which is what
separates these earphones from say your
Apple earbuds they deliver a deep
powerful bass and keep in mind although
they might be big they are certainly not
heavy they can definitely wear them for
long periods of time without discomfort
this by having sound quality that could
rival expensive earphones the jvc
extreme explosives are only ten pounds
on the UK Amazon and just $22 on the
American Amazon for half the price of
the competitor clip s4 currently 40
pounds these earphones are extremely
affordable the 3.5 millimeter headphone
jack is gold-plated
and the cords pretty thick so don't see
it breaking anytime soon along with the
earphones themselves JVC include a
plastic carrying case and three pairs of
ear tips the sound quality of these
earphones are comparable to much more
expensive earphones and is impressive
for this price range most punchy bass is
definitely worth buying these for it can
sometimes overpower the troubles and
highs
however I found that this wasn't
noticeable with most types of music and
isn't enough to stop anyone buying these
overall if you're looking for budget
earphones that can deliver and base and
sound quality the JVC HAF x1x extreme
explosives are the one for you